the water level in Baikal dropped by 6
centimeters below the critical mark
this happened for the first time in the last 30
years old
shallowing of the lake has already led to problems
with water supply in a few
nearby locations
experts also fear that
lack of water will harm the ecosystem
Baikal
I think that huge damage is coming for
ecology because not replaced
water level changes completely
vegetation and flora and
fauna everything goes change because if
before this was not noticed what is already
it was created by nature
natural environment yes then
now comes the deepest violation and here
it is now on Wednesday it is changing and
no one knows what the consequences for all
this will lead scientists and environmentalists say
that shoaling baikal affected so
dry summer so growing
water consumption lake
Irkutsk hydroelectric flower 2014 was
about two thirds of the norm
naturally
it is not allowed to fill the glass to give them
marks that were usually previous
September has already begun to decline
therefore , in the autumn it became clear that
mark 456 will be overcome there is
in view of the downside with this scientific
cynological institute employee not
sees a big threat to baikal because
lowering the water level in the water stories
Baikal mode in the history of this system
Baikal
there were more significant fluctuations
more they were you the same after when
level
baikal and began to regulate the nasty
piece gs
experts expect that the waters of Baikal will begin
increase in volume only at the end
April mid-May together with melting
ices meanwhile a number of scientists and environmentalists
criticize the decision of the Russian
governments allow irkutsk hydroelectric station
use the water resources of baikal in
the time of his shallowing Buryatia already complain
to reduce fish populations which
affects the fish industry by region
In addition, according to ecologists, there is shallow water.
Baikal will lead more frequent forest
fires